Managing task is literally the one thing common in every profession. And in academics, where cramming knowledge is all there is to do, the proper planning of when to cram what becomes a crucial part of the whole academic journey: Throughout School, College, and University life.

In the first semester of UITS, I used to manage tasks using Google Keep. It was working fairly well, considering even CRs would forget about specific events and tasks, and I could remind them after a quick glance through my tasks list. I was able to keep up with piling assignments, prepare for exams beforehand, and multitask my way through the whole semester - all because I had a list of tasks, constantly reminding the heck out of me.

                But Google Keep had its limitations. 

The limit of planning everything in one line, when making lists, is not helpful when your task contains details that require more than a single line.

                        Enter. Google Tasks.

Google Tasks was an improvement by a large margin. Given the fact that it not only has multiple lines to add for details, but it also has the option to add multiple lists for several purposes. 

            Great. Now I have a list of lists. What next?

But then, the issue of students not knowing the most important info remained, with no effort from anyone to solve it. Then one day, after using the Google Forms as an "online text storage without login" for a while, I figured that the response sheet or, Google Sheets works well as a task manager too. Immediately executing that idea, I made the website <a href="https://b1tsched.netlify.app/">http://ouits-scheduler.netlify.app</a> and tried to bring my idea into reality.

Note:

 The "o" before UITS stands for "Online", signifying the resources' availability and accessibility from online.